Uh no princess
I'm not sick
You don't need to take medicine.
This is the will of this princess
Do you want to resist me
I'm doing it for you too.
You can't pool its nutrients
Besides
If you don't care
You have to think about me too.
Can I take three?
Of course not.
If the dosage is not enough, his medicine will not work.
Eat it
Shouldn't kill anyone
There you go.
Caiyun comes up
Princess, what is this?
These are big supplements
It's a three-point poison
So I have to rely on these supplements
Wait a minute, I'll go get a drink
Damn it if you don't get arrested after eating these
The key is not to give me sleep
Try your best to make up for me again
What kind of medicine does this woman sell in the gourd?
It doesn't matter, do it now
If you are arrested, you can't go back
These are exposed shoes, and the feet are very thin.
Come and try it
Princess
You are so kind to me.
You drank this bowl of soup
Or I'm going to die here